Hahahahaha
Why are you here?
Naturally for the girl with red sleeves
how
You're not here for the red-sleeved girl, are you?
Of course hahahaha
Qin Feng, Qin Feng
Saying you're a toad is a compliment
You are also worthy to be the eye of Hongxiu girl
You don't pee and reflect on your own virtues
This is not a Kuniko
This is the brothel.
It's about talent.
Compared to financial resources
It's about status.
As for you, in addition to solving a few cases
What do you have?
Just a bunch of lowly pariahs
Oh, no.
Your name should be Dr. Qin now
Hahahaha
Public abuse of court officials
Are you not afraid that I will pull you to see the official?
Seeing Guan Qin Feng, you look down on yourself too much
You are a little official without real power
Really take yourself as a character, Zhengsheng
What are you talking to him about?
If you want me to say that the intuition is out
Sitting here is just slandering our reputation
Even a bunch of trash dares to send it to Hongxiu girl
Hmm, what an overkill
cowardly
What are you guys talking about?
So lively
OK
What's the matter, brother?
I'm fine I'm fine